Dad, why are you so miserable that the joint industry triggers?
You received a military report that a large army was at the border. Three hundred thousand changes in a few sections.
I'm afraid something unexpected happened. Don't rush back early.
Can't stand it
Then I'll go with you
I'm afraid if you let me go, I'll have to kill you, right?
Okay, needless to say, five of us, let’s have breakfast.
Father, don't be careful
Don't worry, ma'am, we are the same
Even you are a guest. We are my little soldiers and clan overlords.
If you were you
Dad, come and report, Li Man and Five
You arrived at the military camp so quickly today
It is said that no one else dares to record it
Reflections on Experience Industry
This old thing
I'm afraid that the unknown person who is recording me will attack me.
Politicians won't do it with their hands like this
Now that we've arrived at the military camp
It should be cold enough to make a move
Remember your point
The Shang State had no troops hoarding troops on the frontier.
A picture starts the war
Let Wuming take command and lead the entire army
Take over the Shang Kingdom within two months.
Shocking the country
Failed to enter unknown
Issue a pledge to the secret army
What should I do if I successfully acquire a name?
Shang Guosui is a little
But it’s not a big deal to be able to establish a country for a hundred years
Not a soft prince
Able to recognize people
Not a year or two
I can't take it down at all.
Unless it's someone's business
Otherwise it is absolutely impossible